* Removed Slide/Indent segment

  Both slide and indent segment are removed as they lead bunch of problems.

* Generalized detached modifier syntax

  Now all detached modifiers have {# head} and {# body} in common.

  $$ head
  /Head/ is what comes right after the prefix.
  e.g.
  - /title/ of /structural detached modifier/ (aka. heading)
  - first child of list item (not first list item but a first child of all list
    items)
  - index part of /range-able detached modifiers/
  $$

  $$ body
  /Body/ is what comes after the {# head}.
  e.g.
  - children excluding title of /heading/
  - nested list of /list item/
  - content part of /definition/
  $$

* Structural detached modifiers (aka. Headings)

** Heading's title can be full paragraph

   |example
   * This is heading title.
     This is part of title too.

     This is paragraph below the heading
   |end

* Nestable detached modifiers (aka. lists, quotes)

** tldr:

   There are lot of changes in nestable detached modifiers. So here is tldr:

   - /attributes/ are completely removed from entire syntax
   - repeated nestable detached modifiers with same type construct "list"
   - head can be single paragraph or tag
   - body can only be multiple list
   -- if you want to put plain paragraph or tag as list item's body, wrap them
      as {# null detached modifier}
   - {# null detached modifier} is new type of nestable detached modifier which
     literally does nothing
   -- null detached modifier's level is one level deeper than it's prefix to
      give better look

** Removed /attributes/

   Attributes are completely removed from the Norg syntax. This makes sence
   with following {** Unified nesting level}

   Attributes will be reimplemented with macros and tags in future.

** Unified nesting level

   Now all nestable detached modifiers share same level when nested.
   This includes unordered list items, ordered list items and quote items

   |example
   - This is unordered list item.
   ~~ This is ordered list item below unordered list item.
   >>> This is quote item below unordered list item.
   ~~ Ordered list continues here so index is 2.
   -- You can put multiple nestable list in body
   -- like this
   > This quote breaks the all nestable detached modifiers above
   ~~ So this is new ordered list below quote starting from index 1.
   - Unordered list is also broken now.
   |end

** Various /head/ types

   Nestable detached modifiers can have single paragraph or tag as it's head.

   |example
   ~ simple
     paragraph
   ~ |example
     standard ranged tag
     |end
   ~ @code python
     print("verbatim ranged tag")
     @end
   ~ .image /infirm_tag.png
   |end

** Restricted /body/ type

   While structural detached modifiers can have any kind of syntax as it's
   body, Nestable detached modifiers can only have nestable detached modifiers
   as body.

   If you want to put more than one paragraph/tag as nestable detached modifier
   item's body, you should rather use {* structural detached modifier} instead
   or use {** Null detached modifier}.

** Null detached modifier

   Null detached modifier is one type of nestable detached modifier which is generally used to /extend/ the list item's children.

   It's actual level is one level deeper than the number of prefixes.
   You can think of Null detached modifier as having extra list that does
   nothing with it's content.

   |example
   - This is first unordered list item's head.
     which is paragraph, so you can span
     multiple lines.
   % This is still part of first unordered list item 
   % |example
     and this is too
     |end
   - This is second unordered list item
   |end

* Range-able detached modifiers

** Verbatim line as head

   Range-able detached modifiers have single verbatim line as it's /head/ and
   single paragraph as it's body

   |example
   $ this is head
   This is body
   which is a paragraph.
   |end

** Accept newline instead of whitespace after doubled prefix

   You can put newline instead of whitespace after the double prefix (e.g. `$$`.)

   |example
   ^^
   footnote head
   Actual foot note body starting from here.
   ^^
   |end

   This change is made because of parser limitation on parsing paragraph break.
   It's recommended to avoid doing this.

